hey guys this is the dream in and today
I'm going to be showing you how to get
minecraft for a bun to more specifically
the crew bun to which is basically c7
chromebook running a special version of
ubuntu watch my other video for more
details on that so anyways the first
thing going to need to do is download
minecraft like normal just click on the
download button it should start
downloading it and once you have it
downloaded drag it to the desktop and
now what you're going to need to do is
you're going to need to go to the Ubuntu
Software Center just like this and then
you're going to go to the search bar and
look up java jav a and it's going to
come up with a bunch of programs you're
going to click on the Open JDK java 6
runtime and install that I already have
installed so just install that and once
you've installed that you're going to
right click on the minecraft.jar you can
scroll you're going to go down to the
property section and then you're going
to click on permissions and then you're
going to click on allow executable file
as program and the reason why we want to
do this is if you don't do this it's
gonna it's not going to work it's not
going to open it it's just going to like
say what do you want to do with this
little blah so make sure you do that
you're going to click on open with and
the default application yeah it should
look like this when you first get on
here but we're going to want to click on
openjdk java 6 and click on set as
default and then this is just something
extra that you don't have to do but
click on the little box icon and get the
Minecraft icon thing so it's not like a
little box with a jar on it and then you
get a click on close same thing like all
minecraft versions double click on it it
should open up minecraft so let's just
get it open
and so this works like any other version
of Minecraft there's no nothing removed
it's like just like any other version
like for Windows or Mac and let's load
up a world like now create new one
nevermind and then as you can see here
there's not too much lag so just in
creative mode right now so yeah
basically this one's mine craft
flawlessly I believe there's two
gigabytes of RAM for the crew bun too so
I think the default is set to like nine
hundred megabytes of RAM for Minecraft
you can change this to google bite if
you really want more RAM for it I've
also tried this with mods and tech it it
works great there's barely any lag but
if it does lag I'd go to settings click
on options in video settings and then
change the graphics too fast but anyways
that's pretty much all there is this
tutorial I hope you guys found this
helpful thank you and bye